Shared wallets user guide - creating a wallet and spending (#3680)
input-output-hk/cardano-wallet: docs/user-guide/common-use-cases/how-to-create-a-wallet.md

See more on [[hierarchical-deterministic-wallets]] and [[byron-address-format]].

## Shared wallets

> Shared wallets are modern `sequential` "Shelly-type wallets". The idea behind is that funds on the Shared wallets can be managed by more than one owner. While creating such wallet one provides `payment_script_template` listing all the future co-signers and their public keys for spending operations and the template script primitive which sets the rules for sharing custody of the wallet's spending operations between co-signers. Similarly one can provide `delegation_script_template` for sharing custody of delegation operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shared wallets are modern `sequential` "Shelly-type wallets". The idea behind is that funds on the Shared wallets can be managed by more than one owner. While creating such a wallet one provides `payment_script_template` listing all the future co-signers and their extended account public keys for spending operations and the template script primitive which sets the rules for sharing custody of the wallet's spending operations between the co-signers. Similarly one can provide `delegation_script_template` for sharing custody of delegation operations.
```

> Shared wallets are modern `sequential` "Shelly-type wallets". The idea behind is that funds on the Shared wallets can be managed by more than one owner. While creating such a wallet one provides `payment_script_template` listing all the future co-signers and their extended account public keys for spending operations and the template script primitive which sets the rules for sharing custody of the wallet's spending operations between the co-signers. Similarly one can provide `delegation_script_template` for sharing custody of delegation operations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Shared wallets are modern `sequential` "Shelley-type wallets". The main idea is that funds within shared wallets can be managed by more than one owner. When creating such a wallet, it's necessary to provide a `payment_script_template` that lists all future co-signers and their extended account public keys (for spending operations), as well as a template script primitive that establishes the rules for sharing custody of the wallet's spending operations between the co-signers. Similarly, one can provide a `delegation_script_template` for sharing custody of delegation operations.
```
